Add mini-history of Prefect to the introduction page of the docs (#16814)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/get-started/index.mdx

  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Mini history of Prefect

<Steps>
<Step title="2018-2021">
Our story begins with Prefect 1.0, in which we introduced the idea that workflow orchestration should be Pythonic.

> Inspired by distributed tools like Dask and building on Jeremiah's experience as a PMC member of Apache Airflow, we created a system based on simple Python decorators for tasks and flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspired by distributed tools like Dask and building on our founder, Jeremiah Lowin's experience as a PMC member of Apache Airflow, we created a system based on simple Python decorators for tasks and flows.
```

> Inspired by distributed tools like Dask and building on our founder, Jeremiah Lowin's experience as a PMC member of Apache Airflow, we created a system based on simple Python decorators for tasks and flows.

Reviewer 2: open to other exact wordings, but something is off about the current phrasing
```suggestion
Inspired by distributed tools like Dask, and building on the experience of our founder, Jeremiah Lowin (a PMC member of Apache Airflow), we created a system based on simple Python decorators for tasks and flows
```

Author: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/16827

> But what made it truly special was our introduction of task mapping—a feature that would later become foundational to our dynamic execution capabilities (and eventually imitated by other orchestration SDKs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But what made Prefect truly special was our introduction of task mapping—a feature that would later become foundational to our dynamic execution capabilities (and eventually imitated by other orchestration SDKs).
```

</Step>

<Step title="2022-2024">

> Prefect's 2.0 release became inevitable once we recognized that real-world workflows don't always fit into neat, pre-planned DAG structures: sometimes you need to update a job definition based on runtime information, e.g. skipping a branch of your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect's 2.0 release became inevitable once we recognized that real-world workflows don't always fit into neat, pre-planned DAG structures: sometimes you need to update a job definition based on runtime information, for example by skipping a branch of your workflow.
```

> So we removed a key constraint that workflows be written explicitly as DAGs, fully embracing native Python control flow—if/else conditionals, while loops, everything that makes Python…Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So we removed a key constraint that workflows be written explicitly as DAGs, fully embracing native Python control flow—if/else conditionals, while loops-everything that makes Python…Python.
```

</Step>

> <Step title="2025 and beyond">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Step title="2024 and beyond">
```

> With our release of Prefect 3.0 in fall 2024, we fully embraced these dynamic patterns by open-sourcing our events and automations backend, allowing users to natively represent event-driven workflows and gain additional observability into their execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With our release of Prefect 3.0 in 2024, we fully embraced these dynamic patterns by open-sourcing our events and automations backend, allowing users to natively represent event-driven workflows and gain additional observability into their execution.
```
